create: modify cask template (#16345)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Acceptable-Casks.md

Common reasons to reject a cask entirely:

> * App fails with GateKeeper enabled on Homebrew supported macOS versions and platforms (e.g. unsigned apps fail on Macs with Apple silicon/ARM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* App fails with GateKeeper enabled on Homebrew supported macOS versions and platforms (e.g. unsigned apps fail on Macs with Apple Silicon/ARM).
```

* App is too obscure. Examples:
  * An app from a code repository that is not notable enough (under 30 forks, 30 watchers, 75 stars).
  * [Electronic Identification (eID) software](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/issues/59021).
* App requires [SIP to be disabled](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/pull/41890) to be installed and/or used.
* App installer is a `pkg` that requires [`allow_untrusted: true`](https://docs.brew.sh/Cask-Cookbook#pkg-allow_untrusted).

> * App is a trial version, and the only way to acquire the full version is through the Mac App Store.
>   * Similarly (and trickier to spot), the app has moved to the Mac App Store but still provides old versions via direct download. We reject these in all official repositories so users don’t get stuck using an old version, wrongly thinking they’re using the most up-to-date one (which, amongst other things, might be a security risk).

Reviewer 2: While it's only a little ambiguous, I wonder if we could tweak this wording slightly so that it clarifies that this doesn't apply to apps that continue to release updates both on and off the mac app store.

One potential idea:

```suggestion
* App is a trial version, and the only way to acquire the full version is through the Mac App Store.
  * Similarly (and trickier to spot), if an app has moved to the Mac App Store but continues to offer the older versions via direct download, we reject these versions from official repositories. This ensures users don't inadvertently use outdated versions, potentially posing a security risk. This policy does not apply to apps that maintain parallel updates on both the Mac App Store and direct download platforms. In such cases, both distribution methods are considered equally valid and current.
```

Or a less verbose version:

```suggestion
* App is a trial version, and the only way to acquire the full version is through the Mac App Store.
  * Similarly (and trickier to spot), the app has moved to the Mac App Store but still provides old versions via direct download. We reject these in all official repositories so users don’t get stuck using an old version, wrongly thinking they’re using the most up-to-date one (which, amongst other things, might be a security risk). This doesn't apply to apps that continue to maintain and update their direct downloads alongside their Mac App Store version, which are still allowed.
```

> * App is unmaintained, i.e. no releases in the last year, or [explicitly discontinued](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/pull/22699).

Reviewer 2: This might not be the time/place to raise this; and I realise it's 'as it was' in these docs; but for a lot of apps that are considered stable, there may not be a reason for it to have a release within the last year, even if they are still actively maintained.

I think I have seen this point come up as causing confusion in the past, so wanted to raise it while it's in my mind.

* Cask is a duplicate. These submissions mostly occur when the [token reference](https://docs.brew.sh/Cask-Cookbook#token-reference) was not followed.
* The author has [specifically asked us not to include it](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/pull/5342).
* App is both open-source and CLI-only (i.e. it only uses the `binary` artifact). In that case, and [in the spirit of deduplication](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/issues/15603), submit it first to [homebrew/core](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-core) as a formula that builds from source. If it is rejected, you may then try again as a cask (link to the issue from your pull request so we can see the discussion and reasoning for rejection).
* App is open-source and has a GUI but no compiled versions (or only old ones) are provided. It’s better to have them in [homebrew/core](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-core) so users don’t get perpetually outdated versions. See [`gedit`](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/pull/23360) for example.

> * We have strong reasons to believe including the cask can put the whole project at risk. Happened only once so far, [with Popcorn Time](https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew-cask/pull/3954).

Reviewer 2: To simplify reviewing this, using my git diff-refactor alias (that dims things that are moved but unchanged), these seem to be the only 'actually new/changed' parts here; the rest is just moved around:

![image](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/assets/753891/d3b5603a-fb96-491e-919d-797026ed3726)

<details>
<summary><code>git diff-refactor</code> alias</summary>

```
diff-refactor = \
    -c color.diff.oldMoved='white dim' \
    -c color.diff.oldMovedAlternative='white dim' \
    -c color.diff.newMoved='white dim' \
    -c color.diff.newMovedAlternative='white dim' \
    -c color.diff.newMovedDimmed='white dim' \
    -c color.diff.newMovedAlternativeDimmed='white dim' \
    diff --ignore-blank-lines --color-moved=dimmed-zebra --color-moved-ws=ignore-all-space --minimal
```

</details>
